Allow to use SSL keypair given by path only (#14)
Helmholtz-UFZ/ansible-role-zammad: README.md

```yaml
zammad_ssl_key:
```
Content of SSL/TLS private key (**required**).  
**Please note:** In the special case, that you previously put an SSL keypair
on the host, e.g. via Let's Encrypt, you must not configure the variables
`zammad_ssl_cert` and `zammad_ssl_key`. Nevertheless, in each case the role will

> alidate, if the SSL key pair given under the paths `zammad_ssl_key_path` and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
validate, if the SSL key pair is given under the paths `zammad_ssl_key_path` and
```
